Update driveitem-move.md (#9518)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs-contrib: api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-move.md

For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

**Note:** When moving items to the root of a drive your app cannot use the `"id:" "root"` syntax.

> Your app needs to provide the actual ID of the root folder for the parent reference.  i.e. `/drives/{drive-id}/root`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your app needs to provide the actual ID of the root folder for the parent reference.  For example, `/drives/{drive-id}/root`.
```

> Your app needs to provide the actual ID of the root folder for the parent reference.  For example, `/drives/{drive-id}/root`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your app needs to provide the actual ID of the root folder for the parent reference. For example, `/drives/{drive-id}/root`.
```
